Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, can you hear me.
Nadine Quintana: Yes, I can hear you now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, good morning.
Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you settling in finding a good spot and then I can open up a note, while you're doing that.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we did a review last week, so we can't or last time we met so we can focus wherever you and I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had anything sort of pressing on your mind that you want to focus on today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nadine Quintana: Happening so
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing's been happening. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Is that something good.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I suppose it's been a little
Nadine Quintana: Boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming that you are feeling physically pretty good. I'm noticing you know just sort of no runny nose. No, you're just sort of like at this sort of steady state. Right. But, and yeah, I've been nice to remember. Oh yeah, I can feel good again.
Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: The little, little
Nadine Quintana: How we're doing it slowly this time, I
Nadine Quintana: Go.
Nadine Quintana: We're taking off a little bit.
Nadine Quintana: It's a little bit better.
Nadine Quintana: A lot better. Okay guys, so get by.
Nadine Quintana: Know we
Nadine Quintana: Like kind of week
Nadine Quintana: Like it, it's
Nadine Quintana: Been a lot better doing it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any issues with your pharmacy at this point.
Nadine Quintana: Um, no, just the same thing every like every Monday.
Nadine Quintana: They're out and this is happening right around the time that all of this, I go to bed 19 happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, this
Nadine Quintana: Was I've never had problems with them with these ones and I been there for a little while and I've never had problems with them. And ever since this happened, they run out every week and
Nadine Quintana: So I don't know what's going on there. But I always have to wait just like a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nadine Quintana: For that to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: How far away are you from Santa Fe.
Nadine Quintana: 3045 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, a doc is saying that they've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection problems and no internet
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a little panic attack. I'm like, I can't do my job if it was over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I had a blackout. I think it was last week. The whole house just went flat. And I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this, this will not work for me any everything came right back on. But like, it's amazing how in a flash under a second like you can have like 100,000 thoughts.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, okay, use my skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there it was, everything was fine, but
Nadine Quintana: I do everything online.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact, on the weekends I have to completely like I have to turn everything off like because my eyes. Give me a hard time. So I've got a I've got a really use those skills that I talked to you guys about
Gwenevere Abriel: Stress
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then you know we have lots of room.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do. Let's see. Let's get back into what we were sort of working around last time. Let's see. So I'll bring us up to speed on where we were last last week, I'm right at the end, you mentioned under a self reflection. You know how we say, you know, house today for you coming
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a lot calmer than I used to be. You don't get angry you become more relaxed and happy than I have been in a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think my kids. Notice
Gwenevere Abriel: There are a lot different with me. They mess around me joke with me. That's something we never did before. I have gotten a lot better relationship is also better. I feel blessed. Yeah, yeah. That was a nice way to end.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, but what we had started with that day was
Gwenevere Abriel: Addressing on braces threatening to spit and we started out as sort of a side distress level of at there was rage and hatred and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You found him ungrateful angry and something was going on with him, like you, you just weren't in the know. You know what I mean like something's going was going on and maybe he wasn't telling you
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, he was showing up angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: See started fighting can't remember how we started it escalated got worse and then the negative the thinking that you have. I kind of get some paper that said of it today. The thoughts for that experience was I I don't deserve this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was your positive cognition. I don't deserve this. You negative cognition was, I try my best.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to give up. I felt like not caring about what he does not pay attention to him if he does something. I don't like it, no mind and let him go on with doing what he wanted. So he gets mad at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: There for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Andres. He was not as bad. It's still disrespectful talk to his dad, I can do this a stress myself out with him. Okay, well, how are the dynamics between you two. You know how you're saying I can't do this and that.
Gwenevere Abriel: equal signs stress myself out with him. I need to focus on me and make sure I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How have things been with
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone in your family, not, not just him, but are you doing with that.
Nadine Quintana: Actually we're doing. Oh, I'm
Nadine Quintana: Pretty good. I
Nadine Quintana: Kind of taught myself like when I don't agree with somebody they rather my mom or my sister or my kids or something. I just learn to not
Like
Nadine Quintana: You don't like just attack him away and start telling them off and get really defensive because I used to get really defensive before
Nadine Quintana: And now, like with my mom like my mom's already older she's never going to change. She's, she's her so like when she she has her little remarks or she says something I don't lie or
Nadine Quintana: You know,
Nadine Quintana: I just learned to just bite my tongue and just deal with it and let her go on.
Nadine Quintana: Because then eventually she stops and
Nadine Quintana: Then she passed. She moves on from that.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, so I'm just like, Let her do what she needs to do is get it off your chest and we'll be okay.
Nadine Quintana: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Love you get it off their chest
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, but I've also learned how to
Nadine Quintana: Like if she says something about me that I don't like I
Nadine Quintana: defend myself to a way where I'm not arguing with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it sound in general.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, for instance. My mom has it in her mind that me and my sister when that we're better awful don't like we don't need a man in our life and
Nadine Quintana: You know, like when my sister got her boyfriend. My mom was like, oh, I don't like him. This is bad and really negative about him. She didn't even know him. He's a really awesome guy.
Nadine Quintana: You know, and I'm like, when I started talking to my husband again. She's like, Why are you talking to him, you're doing so good and this and that. And I just said, you know, that's the father of my kids. I am not going to cut them out of my life. He's never treated and you've you bad
Nadine Quintana: You know he's and what happened, you know, what did I tell her I said something like, you know, he's never cheated. You guys bad and he's never he doesn't
Nadine Quintana: Like before when we were younger, he did these really bad.
Nadine Quintana: But I've learned to forgive him. And that's my business. Okay, I
Nadine Quintana: Might do
Nadine Quintana: Uh huh. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that I just
Gwenevere Abriel: say to her that part. I don't think he said
Gwenevere Abriel: No other of my kids.
Nadine Quintana: whitewater that part but
Nadine Quintana: I was
Nadine Quintana: I wasn't going to cut them out of my life. I told her that, whatever. What did I say something along the lines like I'm
Nadine Quintana: Like whatever happens, happens between us, like that's that's
Nadine Quintana: Just that you know I'm
Nadine Quintana: going on behind the kinda
Nadine Quintana: Back away step away and
Gwenevere Abriel: So well now that
Nadine Quintana: That's my wife said it but it was something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So here's what it wasn't, it wasn't I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: calling her names. It was making her change her mind what it sounded like because you gave me a little snapshot was you stayed what I would call sort of defiant inside of your beliefs you stayed in here. That's the father, my kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is what it is, this is, this is how it's going to be. I'm not going to lose contact with him, whatever happens between us happens. So what you did was, state your case. You just said sort of your, your perspective on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it doesn't sound like you were demanding and demanding can happen passively can be directly, like I insist that you see it my way. He didn't do that. But our demands can be subtle, too. But that isn't what I heard what I heard you doing is all you did was stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Firm in your position right
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe in the past, you really wanted her to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: And show you that she understands your point of view. And it looks like that's what you've let go of attachment to it looks like you're basically like I'm going to tell you how it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's a huge difference. And although you guys may not be able to describe what's different. What I see is you're stopping the expectation for change.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, you can do to you can do two things that on the outside, and especially when you're first starting this self growth stuff you can look like, how can these two things exist. I stand up for myself and
Gwenevere Abriel: I can sit in the same room with someone who has a completely different opinion. How do I be in those two places at the same time I stay in my truth and I can witness someone else's experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't. And that is an amazing skill to have because it means that you'll be able to right it's empathy, like we can have empathy for ourselves. Well, this is my truth this, I want to maintain this relationship with the Father. My children.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's done this in the past I forgiven him. This is my truth and I can see I can see you mom you you clearly are trying to champion, this idea of, you don't need a man. You don't need a man, you don't. But that's her perspective. You're neither trying to change hers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, nor allowing her to change you. So we sort of sit in the presence of ourselves and in the presence of someone else's opinion and it is only an opinion.
Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: That's, yeah, that's what I told myself today she's, she's gonna think we should think
Nadine Quintana: I can't change it so I'm not gonna
Nadine Quintana: Just myself our fight with her for something that she
Nadine Quintana: She wants to believe in, or she wants to
Nadine Quintana: You know, say, and stuff like that so
Nadine Quintana: I'm not gonna, it's just about something like that.
Nadine Quintana: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's take that for a second. And let's see if we can apply it to this concept which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Increase understanding of self trust, just take a second and just, just imagine or you check in and say, see if what you did with your mom is evidence that you trust yourself.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, more than yes explain how that is true, kind of led me into how you put that together.
Nadine Quintana: Because I know what's good for me. I know myself.
Nadine Quintana: I know that
Nadine Quintana: I wouldn't
Nadine Quintana: Say like okay
Nadine Quintana: I know
Nadine Quintana: How I would want my life. Like, I mean,
Nadine Quintana: That sounds weird but
Nadine Quintana: Like, I know I want a good life. I know I don't, I don't need to depend on anybody I know. I could take care of myself. And if I allow somebody into my life that nobody else approves of I Know What To be careful for this time.
Nadine Quintana: I know to this time, I could stand my ground. I know I could say what it is that's on my mind without
Nadine Quintana: Being harsh about it or without starting a fight or without, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Like I i
Nadine Quintana: I know what's best for me. And what's I know what's best for me was not
Nadine Quintana: So if I want something in my life.
Nadine Quintana: And I, and I feel like it's good and it's not going to harm me, you know, of course I let it in. But if it, you know, even if it does
Nadine Quintana: It does just something that I
Nadine Quintana: I have it in my head, but it's like all jumbled up and I can't. It can't come out right. But I'm trying to see, um,
Nadine Quintana: Okay, like I just I know what's best for me and I know how to take care of myself and
Nadine Quintana: Whatever anybody else says
Nadine Quintana: Like you say their, their opinions and of course they're going to be worried they're going to think, okay, this and this and this happened in the past. How are you going to deal with that. Well, how are you going to handle it, but
Nadine Quintana: I know myself now. And I know that if something better to happen.
Nadine Quintana: Like for instance, like me and my husband, you know, get into fighting or he does something that he doesn't like like I know how to communicate with him. Now before I did it. I would say quite a lot of the times, or I would fight with them really bad break audience like really backed by
Gwenevere Abriel: A bright, they're just really sit with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to communicate when I had something I wanted to say or how to feeling I would either stay quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quiet. Quiet, quiet and then or I would fly with them. So, is I wouldn't speak or I would fight when I think it is this right. I wouldn't speak, time after time after time and then I would fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was, it was there a buildup of unsaid feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years ago now, how do you describe your type of communication.
Nadine Quintana: If something bothers me right then and there, and I don't like something he said, or something that he's done, I'll let him know with out the yelling and the curse theme and the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: About that that's that's that energized or without the other, the other pattern that preceded that remember that's that other one which is I kept it to myself I I write the quiet.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, no, I actually learned how to open up to him.
Nadine Quintana: And that's something that he's noticed too because um
Nadine Quintana: I actually told him, like for instance, like when he needed something he would tell me, like, oh, you always put me last I'm always
Nadine Quintana: You put everybody in front of me and I'm your husband. And so, and I would just say out yet. So now I told him look before
Nadine Quintana: When you would ask me for something and I couldn't do it. I couldn't do it. I said, and I didn't like that. I didn't like the fact because
Nadine Quintana: Believe me, I want to help you. I wanted to do this for you. But there were times I couldn't because I didn't have the resources. I didn't have the money.
Nadine Quintana: You know and I explained everything to him and I said, and that really got me mad that really stressed me out when you would
Nadine Quintana: Tell me, stuff like that. Or when you would tell me to do this or do that and I told him it was really, really stressed me out.
Nadine Quintana: And I said, If you want something. Yeah, okay. You could ask me, and if I could get it for you. Or you could get it for you. If I can't, I can't. And that's just how it is. And he told me you know
Nadine Quintana: That he was sorry he did know that he was being like that and he noticed it to that you how he was being and that really
Nadine Quintana: That really made me feel good because it made me see like okay well. He's noticing to what he's doing wrong, you know, so that, like maybe that you know I mean so happy that he noticed himself, you know. And then, so I would I like the fact that we were able to like talk to you about it.
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: I think those two years of us being apart from each other because we've never been apart from each other. We've been together so 16
Nadine Quintana: So this is the first time that we've been apart. No talking not together. And it's been for two years. And I really think that we needed that we say that all the time like we really needed this we needed to find ourselves.
Nadine Quintana: Yes. So, I mean, because I was so young, or he actually told me this and he told me that he was mad at me for leaving leaving him.
Nadine Quintana: Two years ago that he was really hurt with me and he was depressed and he was sad and, you know, and then he said that he started going to like counseling and stuff like that.
Nadine Quintana: Um, he he start I guess a little after I mean him separated. He got, like, really, I'm not counseling for you record he would talk to like is caseworker okay and he would let out like what was going on and she would talk to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the last year. Would you say
Nadine Quintana: I'm, I'm assuming I haven't asked him about that.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, so he would go and talk to her, and
Nadine Quintana: He said, you know, when we, when we got together. You were 16 years old and then you had the kids, you know, at a very young age. So you never got a chance to like really live your life. He told me
Nadine Quintana: You never got a chance to really live your life and find yourself because you're always taking care of kids. You are always taking care of me. You're always
Nadine Quintana: cleaning the house cooking doing all this stuff for all of us. And he's like, and you never got to to really find yourself. He told me
Nadine Quintana: He said, so it sucked that that we were apart for these two years. He said, but it's good because we both got to find ourselves.
Nadine Quintana: So that made me feel really, really good when he said that because I see like you started to notice.
Nadine Quintana: He's trying to see like
Nadine Quintana: He's already thinking about me, me, me, me, me. He's starting to actually think about, oh, you know, her feelings. Oh, you know, she's feeling this way. Oh, you know, the kids really are stressed in her house and
Nadine Quintana: You know, it's
Nadine Quintana: It's just, it's different, different to see him like that because I've never seen him like that I you know I paint with them for so long. I've never seen him like that. So it's really nice.
Nadine Quintana: So it's a really nice thing and it's good because I'm like, Well, I'm glad I did it just divorced him. I'm glad I just didn't throw that away.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, so I'm like, I'm, I'm happy that I could actually give him.
Nadine Quintana: Give this our relationship with try and not just be like, the hell with it and not know what it could have been, you know, so I'm really glad that I took those two years.
Nadine Quintana: And him to for his for his, you know, so he could work on himself too so
Nadine Quintana: And you know he's, he did like really good and I'm proud of him. And he tells me to like, like I'm proud of you. You know, I'm proud of you. And that, that feels like really
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, it's different. It's really different. The way.
Nadine Quintana: I really like it.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a really beautiful explanation for how
Gwenevere Abriel: You just put a statement of how do you trust yourself and then this expanded into this
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I trust that all I'll be able to tell him in the moment when something's upset or making me angry. I won't let it build. That's what I was hearing I trusted that
Gwenevere Abriel: Turns out, didn't you know dissolve the marriage trusted that here it is. Now it's feeling like a different relationship and you're trusting that right because these are not
Gwenevere Abriel: Things that anyone else can really see exactly you two are in the relationship you to get to decide is the value of it, is it feeling the friendship. The all the pieces that go into marriage. Is this what you want is this feeling good, you guys decide that we have the outside, we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Active but you're the one that has to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And trust yourself and you've been doing that. So you just gave another piece of evidence that this is how I'm trusting myself on paying right it's not how you word it but it's what here I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I pulled back I we weren't together. I did some self growth. I learned how to, you know, assert myself more practice skills working on recovery just that whole deal. And now I'm watching him and listening to him. He sounds different feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really as complicated as self trust is it means we're turning inward. We're not conforming to how it's supposed to be a woman just shuts up and listens to her, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That would conforming to some maybe we were raised that way or something. But no, but what self trust is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this working for me was something important happening. It's in the moment it's do I speak up. Now, is this worth
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of fighting for making my point around with mom nine out of 10 now just it's not worth it. Just chant gotta change. I'll just let her
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let it run its course. I'll just head nod, and I'll get through this. And then from another one. Maybe that's pretty common when you're in a relationship with you know romantic relationship. Those tend to be the ones that we speak up a little bit more around
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see a lot of self trust in there and it sounds like you really enjoy having other people acknowledge it. Hey, my fit my kids see it. Hey, my husband sees it. Hey, other people see me changing. I think you like that.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, that makes me feel, you know, good.
Nadine Quintana: Because then they see the change in me that they never looked at me like that, you know, before like it was just a whatever with me and now it's like
Nadine Quintana: Oh, you know, like I get a lot of a, you know, oh, I'm proud of you. You should be proud of yourself and
Nadine Quintana: Like my mom told me that there Dave I she was telling me she was moving to Albuquerque. And she's like, but I don't have to worry about you, she said, Because you have a good head on your shoulders.
Nadine Quintana: So I was like okay that's new.
Nadine Quintana: So yeah, you know, and it kind of made it made me feel like really good because usually, she's like always, like, really favoritism with my sister.
Nadine Quintana: And she was like, you know, I want to move with there and I need to be closer to her and this and that. And she's like, but you don't have to worry about you because you've got a good head on your shoulders and you know what you're doing. So, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Is there any kind of
Nadine Quintana: Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any mixture of feelings, both it feeling good to be seen as having a good head on your shoulders, and is there a mixture of, well, but don't leave me alone. Like, I still. Is there any mixture or it's pure and that feels good. Yeah, just
Nadine Quintana: A simple yes
Nice.
Nadine Quintana: Oh, sorry. When
Nadine Quintana: I was just gonna say like the way I kind of see it is my
Nadine Quintana: I have a good life. I, I like my life and just having people in my life is like a kind of put it like it's a bonus
Nadine Quintana: You know, like, I'll be okay by myself.
Nadine Quintana: I'll do good by myself. And if I have people in in around me and you know i i take that as a bonus. That's how I kind of put it
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to close this poll and your goal. Sounds like my my way of writing it, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: So the goal was increased understanding of self trust. There was a real missing piece and now it sounds like you get what it is to trust the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: And interpersonal. So here's what I had, I had set as the objective client will increase frequency of self disclosures. That's how we would measure how is medians trust. Right. How do we measure trust this thing that no one, you can't get your hands on call it blue and call it, feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have to sort of be able to sort of have a way to measure. So this is how I how I had written it client will increase frequency
Gwenevere Abriel: A self disclosures around topic of intuition judgment trust and interpersonal connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: In our individual and group therapy. So just notice what you already did today did maybe disclose around her own intuition her own judgment trusting herself and around interpersonal connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: For my assessment. You did. You talked about, hey, this is what I think, Mom. This is where I stand and and husband. This is how I feel. I feel angry and
Gwenevere Abriel: Stressed out when you ask you sort of asked me to do things. And I've already done everything I can. And you're thinking that I don't care about you, it's stressing me out. So that would be an interpersonal disclosure that would be you using self trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: In real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it in order for you to do. That means you are relying on intuition, your own judgment, your own assessment of what is right and good for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's rewind a little bit. I know that's all a bunch of fancy words but the basics are this
Gwenevere Abriel: I was looking to see, can my client, maybe talk about those things in session. And I've watched over the last few months, a lot more flow where it's been easier for you to literally talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your own opinion and how you talk to other people. It has flowed easier. Notice how much, much of today you've been talking. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that's different, even though you felt probably uncertain about how to say it you persevere, if you kept going. Guess what that takes some trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you know how it would have sounded. What do you mean what does
Gwenevere Abriel: That sound familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we can
Nadine Quintana: See
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Need for nourishment. What it is, is it's a I just have one of those memories. That's what I do. Right.
Nadine Quintana: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I look at how does our language. How does our language because that's all I have on here.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it reflect our internal experience. How can I take words and try and see into what mediums world is like, how do I do it. So I look at patterns and I look at you know maybe some types of missing words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may not know how to describe that grammatically but I know when, like an object or a subject is missing, like something's missing or is it all us instead of first person like I'll just be kind of paying attention. Look at this change.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't see it as one was bad. One is good. I look at it like that is what was adapted for needing at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks to me like you are trusting yourself more and more and more that you can sit with not knowing what to say. Now having these big
Gwenevere Abriel: psychological terms mean nobody has them right that's unless they're in the field. Yeah, yeah. So that's why I'll often say, can you give me a little story ever hear me say that and group. Hey, can you give me a little story like a personal story. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't expect people to be able to say, well, that's a introduction and that's projected identification, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just I want to hear their world.
Nadine Quintana: I want to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I can go home, is that adaptive. Are you happy with how that played out. Do you want a different feeling so so although you went to embarrassment. Let me find out more about that. Tell me, tell me about how come that seemed interesting
Nadine Quintana: Because I couldn't like
Nadine Quintana: I could I see the way I
Nadine Quintana: Was before. And I'm like,
Nadine Quintana: A quite
Nadine Quintana: Like why I had to question everything I was like so.
Nadine Quintana: Safe about it like I was being safe and cautious, I guess you could say.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, sure. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the office that if I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: being super, super careful. Is there more or less trust in myself, if I'm being super careful no see. So that's how
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the only reason why I mentioned those words was because that's that may or may reflect what's going on inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's that's beginning to change. And as you start to disclose more fluidly and group right that's been the invitation. Just do you needing
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to be anything that isn't you you can talk about. I got an itchy back if we want to. When I say
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, he would like my hair isn't done and I'm focused on that. I don't care what it is for, right, wrong reason. I just want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you. And the more I think he started to even trust that everything we were saying after ever yell continue to show up just like she does, she does her way I do my way and thinking that maybe you started to trust that it would be okay for you to just do you
Nadine Quintana: I remember like this last group that we had arm.
Nadine Quintana: You came to mind because when you're like, well, when you're asking us like well what came up for you guys. And you know, I was just like,
Nadine Quintana: Just do what Glenn said and
Nadine Quintana: What was coming up for me. And then that's what i because I was because that's what I was really thinking after I had spoke up. I was like, wow, like
Nadine Quintana: I actually like just say, you know, I just said what I said and and I was like, and I remember when just seen just see what's on your mind first being don't overthink it.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, so I've got the habit of doing that a lot, you know, before where I was just always questioning like oh and I was scared like
Nadine Quintana: Is this the right answer. Do I say that, and I would think about that a lot.
Nadine Quintana: And now I'm just say
Nadine Quintana: It. So I noticed that it feels a lot better. And there's not pressure because before it was a pressure, like I felt pressure like oh my god I gotta do this right
Nadine Quintana: And when you say just see what comes up first, because that's always the right answer. That's not the right answer. That's always the real answer, you know, and
Nadine Quintana: It's a lot better, because then you don't have to think about or what am I going to say, What am I gonna do, what am I going to whatever. And this way. It's just like, you know what, this is what I was thinking. And that's just that.
Nadine Quintana: So that kind of helps me. You know when you set out, see what you got to first
Nadine Quintana: Kind of how I'm
Nadine Quintana: Starting to do things.
Nadine Quintana: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's coming from you.
Nadine Quintana: That's your first reason
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not preoccupied with how will I be perceived by that first response if we're not busy worrying about other people's perceptions of it or not worried about hurting people's feelings. You're not going to lose. I already know you well enough, at least, you know, I've seen you in here anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not. You're not going to be so inappropriate and the way you talk to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you're, you shouldn't have gotten out of any fat slob isn't just gonna, you're not gonna say that to your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna, you still have a filter you still see that's the one I'm not worried that you just have this like
Gwenevere Abriel: In like lock on just that flow which is kind of tired. Well, kind of bored kind of irritated kind of copy. Like there's nothing wrong with what you're going through. And that, I think you're starting to tap into that you don't have to censor who you are.
Something wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think you're feeling that and you're noticing. And I think with mom and I'm hearing it a lot with your husband and your kids are noticing it too. And look what it's done. You said there's not as much pressure right when like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're playing or joking with the kids. It means that we have more room to be flawed to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a weird thing. It's like if I start protecting against being flawed. Then there's actually more room for me to just do me. And so what if I make him okay I'll apologize if I've hurt someone's feelings. I'll just apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't I don't I am sorry, you know, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Only thing that changed that you're making is is probably having a profound impact in a lot of different relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, nicely done. And it's, it is we can see it, you know, because like you said in group. You just, you just share
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: It feels a lot better because it doesn't put as much stress on me face getting really stressed out.
Nadine Quintana: So that's like a really good things and I could just get it out and
Nadine Quintana: If no one likes what I say, you know,
Nadine Quintana: That's just how I feel. And I'm not going to apologize for how something
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I just need quit being scared and just keep working on this of letting everything out what I feel right then and then right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to keep that goal. Open the one that says increasing understanding yourself trust and inner personal trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or close it and create something new, something that's more relevant.
Gwenevere Abriel: We might do.
Nadine Quintana: Um, you know what I want to quit kind of continue
Nadine Quintana: Okay, working on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what if we kept the goal, meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Well, is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the way I haven't word it is it's increased understanding of self trust.
Nadine Quintana: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we want to what we can do is you may have indeed I think you get it now. And the reason
Gwenevere Abriel: I went into because when I do ask for evidence of it. You give me really clear stories. I think your understanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it mean to trust myself oh I know I'm trusting myself because I speak my truth. I also can sit with someone else's morale and not fall apart. Not get overwhelmed, not have to defend
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are. That means I think you have an understanding of self trust. But what makes you want to maybe keep this one still open. What was your hesitation.
Nadine Quintana: Because I still wanted like
Nadine Quintana: I know I like I know that I've done this a few times where I've just opened up like. Now the other day and you know I've done a little bit more, but I would just like to make sure you know, it kind of stays like that. I don't go back to that.
Nadine Quintana: You know, closed off.
Nadine Quintana: Then press. They were. I'm like,
Nadine Quintana: overthinking stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we write that. And we'll write it. Let's write what you want, let's redefine the goal because
Gwenevere Abriel: Because as far as what you just said is I want to see myself consistently doing self trust over time. I want to get longer pattern in myself one. That's what I heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: We can write in, we can write a goal that reflects that. Because this isn't the one we have is about understanding. I don't think you're missing comprehension.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think that's there. Now you're talking about. I want to see myself doing something for a longer period of time. So go inside. Let's see, because this will be our new goal and I'll get to put this one in quotes because this is going to come from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, probably only want maybe five seven words, not a lot of words. So it's going to start with probably either. I want to increase this or I want to decrease that to see if you can put in. I want and I'll write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
See
Nadine Quintana: I want to
Nadine Quintana: Be more open, more open with people, even a business stranger that I just met you know
Nadine Quintana: And just
Nadine Quintana: Say what I'm thinking at the time. Once it pops up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. I think we got it. I want to be more open with people by saying what comes up without overthinking it
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now when we go to the objective. Now we got to take something that you can maybe work on over the next
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 days, let's say. So how will we be measuring this, I want you to picture yourself you're with someone what at work or where do you picture even
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're going to be measuring that and then I'll say, hey, how you doing you been kind of telling me stories. So where you find what you know, I still struggle with this, there's this group of people or this this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still like, ah, I don't want to even talk to him. I kind of do kind of don't I do, but I don't like where does that show up that ambivalent
Gwenevere Abriel: In group. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. You knew right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could have asked you and not carried on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client will. So here we go, increase. Let's see if we can find what that behavior is you probably have it in here. So increase frequency of and maybe that's what this is, it's right here is
Gwenevere Abriel: stating what I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: He'll
Gwenevere Abriel: And want I don't know that it
Nadine Quintana: Um, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're more. Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: More like
Gwenevere Abriel: A thought. Oftentimes, I'll distinguish what I think. But I believe what I feel is an
Nadine Quintana: Appeal. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I want. So notice how also trust in self is also Hey doc, can you change my pharmacy over to do to do or
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to talk about a topic next week. Ladies, want to be around and doctorate real hey
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I want to ask the group, a question. So notice how it's not a might also you might show up in noticing what you want and seeing if you give yourself permission to say, hey, I want to talk about something from last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you assert yourself and you say it. You watch oh maybe we've only got a few minutes. And what happens, I might say, Oh yeah, totally. But we have like so little time we had one person or what came up for you, you know. So look what I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I believe what I feel when I want now I don't have to pull all those in there. I can just pick one of them. What, what would be evidence for you that you are starting to show increased trust and you are more open
Nadine Quintana: I would say just
Nadine Quintana: Be and where I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Ingrid.
Nadine Quintana: Anchor
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay, and you want to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, how do I put this in a measurable way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're coming twice a month.
Nadine Quintana: To go
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: Have you been coming every you can
Nadine Quintana: Know, I've been coming every week, except for when we have our
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Nadine Quintana: So when somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to see yourself. How do we measure it. You see it. I will do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two or three groups. I'll do it three out of three groups, what's your goal. How do you, what do you want
Nadine Quintana: I was saying, like, two out or two groups because
Nadine Quintana: That way I'm not just by
Nadine Quintana: Really putting like a lot of pressure on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that would be that'd be 100%. So I'm actually going to do it differently as measured by
Gwenevere Abriel: Increase
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're doing in about one so they can say once a group to
Gwenevere Abriel: Group one once a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: To twice a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you have a chance, what will happen is, I'll probably say, okay, of the groups that you were in
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see you were into groups. Did you feel like you had that sense of self, trust and you spoke up in that really uncensored way that you feel solid about that you were open where you assess to rope. And do you think you did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Twice or once and then you'll say, Man, I kind of chicken now on one of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are over thought it and I was like, they don't really want to hear this. I talked myself out of it, or you might say no. Both times since you're in. Remember I was like yeah well I don't, I, I am feeling Dita or I'm thinking about for
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you will have reached it which is two out of two
Gwenevere Abriel: Weeks. I gotta do something here as measured by increase from
Gwenevere Abriel: On one
Gwenevere Abriel: One out of
Gwenevere Abriel: Two groups.
Gwenevere Abriel: To to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell
Gwenevere Abriel: So the whole the challenges that
Gwenevere Abriel: You just said you won't feel pressure for two out of two, but just puts it at having to do it every single time. Because if you're only going twice a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two months I've been a pressure. I'm and I'm hesitant to say your baseline is zero because I don't see it that way. I see you, is communicating. Don't you can grow more
Nadine Quintana: Here.
Nadine Quintana: Community that are you communicating a lot more than we're used to.
Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we try it this way. See if you if you like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't, we don't reach it out of the two groups that you attend over the next couple sessions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just maybe make a little note in your journal, the day that we had the group and whether you
Gwenevere Abriel: felt you were open. And then we'll look at those two groups together. And we'll, we'll write a little note at this point, I'll just say to have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, to a month because that's basically what you're doing, unless you're going more than that. I mean, if you increase the frequency, you're going to have more of a chance to practice it. So it's up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'll just say one out of two. I know I'm confusing you or imagined I am but
Gwenevere Abriel: What it's a goal if we already had the goal if it was easy, we wouldn't need the goal. So if you're noticing some apprehension. It's because that goal is met yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll get there. So that's my increase from
Nadine Quintana: And I usually go to group every, every week, unless mean you have
Nadine Quintana: A one on one on the Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: might end up that will have three opportunities and at least two of those. You'll find yourself open. Does that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Twice. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, route we put our get the other one I can put achieved as she did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have quite an increase, and I really is true. Your, your understanding of what I was talking about. Because typically, right. It'd be like well what do you mean, right. What do you mean
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I asked, can you just, just give me examples of how I didn't trust myself. I know because I show him this way. So let me put this down under our achieved section.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other things that you want to add a couple minutes here. Maybe we could
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something
Nadine Quintana: I can't think of any right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, this is beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a new one. We've got set for I want to be more open with people by saying what comes up without overthinking
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what you'll do in order to sort of reach your goal. This is one thing you can do. You will increase frequency of stating what I think and feel in group and you'll do your best to try to do it two out of the three groups.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice. Okay. Um, let's schedule another
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you right now. Still they got your online for low, right. They don't have you working
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about may 4 same time like Monday. Okay, so that's may 4 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of alternating with someone can
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright well
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll get to see you in grew up on Monday. I'm not me.
Nadine Quintana: Not yeah next Monday.
Nadine Quintana: Cool. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Message. The doctor anything
Nadine Quintana: I'm just that I need a repo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just on the buprenorphine.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, because I just picked up.
Nadine Quintana: refill my other men's department.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next Monday right you're
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we both log off and come right back. So I can separate the zoom meetings.
Alicia Noedel: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to hang up on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll be right back.